dr. Hubner here natural transplants I'm
here with my patient Jeremiah Jeremiah
had surgery with me three days ago you
may remember in his video you'll see his
video online it's actually going on
today of the surgery day but Jeremiah
and his fiance were actually able to
stick around for a couple days Fort
Lauderdale enjoyed the sunny Florida and
they're actually leaving today but came
by for a checkup and Jeremiah how has
the process been how was the pain you
know getting back to normal life going
so far
oh it's been good you know especially
being in hotel very normal things just
rinse your head why I live out here man
it's it's unbelievable
but uh anyway wanted to see just show
you what we've done so you can see that
now it looks different than when he left
last time but you can see that his
hairline again like some see average a
scabbard scabbard should be a word
together
it's very scabbard but he has scabs
there that are that are obviously gonna
be there for a couple more days
typically is about ten to fourteen days
without scabs completely fall off you
can see though that he wears a hat no
one's gonna know what's going on so he
could wear a baseball hat me has been
wearing baseball hat or bandana for the
the next the last couple days and he can
wear a baseball hat moving forward you
can see in the back his incision really
isn't visible unless you really look for
it so we you know it's completely
covered up that suture will come out in
ten days you can see again you really
have to look for it if you if you lift
it up you can see he's taking real good
care of the suture is completely
approximated of that should be this
about the width of a pen if you took a
pen and drew a line that's about how
thick how wide his scar should be you
can see the amount of coverage we got we
got clear back to into his crown so I'm
very very excited
Jeremiah thank you again for stopping by
and can't wait to show you his results
he's nice enough to show us his progress
moving forward again nothing's gonna
grow for about you know three to four
months on average that's probably the
hardest part about the whole thing is
that first couple months nothing happens
and people start wondering did I make
the right decision and then we get a
text or an email or a call and they're
ecstatic so and that will continue to
thicken up over the following year so
thanks again to your mile bottles
progress and natural transplant